when you freeze a bubble in uniform
temperature conditions like in a freezer
you can turn a bubble into a snow globe
and why this happens is if you put the
bubble on a block of ice the ice will
initially grow on the bottom part of the
bubble but as liquid freezes into ice
you are depositing heat into the
surrounding liquid and because a bubble
is so thin it can't spread that heat
around and so all the heat from the
freeze front is getting trapped in the
bottom of the bubble and that creates a
flow from the hot bottom to the cold top
of the bubble and it rips the ice
crystals off with it and takes them
along for the ride and so you have this
flurry of snow crystals just kind of all
flowing around the bubble like crazy and
it looks like a snow globe literally
images it is very beautiful very cheap
Christmas present to market
you